1.Junit Suite
2.Using Junit and WebDriver script, open https://www.cii.in/OnlineRegistration.aspx in Firefox and do the below: (10 points)
1. Select “Number of Attendees” as 6 (2 points)
2. Assert the row count is 6 (2 points)
3. Select 1st-row title as ‘Col’(1 point) (Please note use different method for every selection)
4. Select 2nd-row title as ‘CS’ (1 point) (Please note use different method for every selection)
5. Select 3rd-row title as ‘Dr’ (1 point) (Please note use different method for every selection)
6. Print all the options that are available in the title (3 points)

3.Using TestNG and WebDriver script, open https://www.meripustak.com/ in Google Chrome and do the below: .(12 Points)
1. Print the width and height of the logo. (2 points)
2. Under Follow us section on the bottom, extract and print the href of ‘Google’ social media icon (Right a script in such a way, if position of ‘Google icon is changed tomorrow in the social media icons, our script should work) (3 points)
3. Click on shopping cart when item in cart is 0 (1 point)
4. Assert the message in the shopping cart table “No Item is Added In Cart yet.Cart is Empty!!!” (2 points)
5. Add any one ‘History’ book in cart (2 points)
6. Verify if this message exist in the shopping cart table “No Item is Added In Cart yet.Cart is Empty!!!” (2 point

4.Open the link https://www.woodlandworldwide.com/ on the browser now search for the items related to the below-given product names.
Test1: Use the product name “Bags”
Test2: Use product name “Leather” and
Test3: Use the product name “Full Sleeve”.
These product names are to be saved in an Excel file, read the product names from this file and pass to the search box.
Select the filter ‘Low to High’ and test whether the first 8 products are in ascending order of the price.
Write a script for Google chrome in TestNG using WebDriver. (12 points)

5.Using Junit and WebDriver script, open https://www.premierleague.com/ in Firefox and do the below: (11 points)
1. Click on Tables from the header (1 point)
2. From the tables, open ‘Manchester City’ club in a new window via context-click (3 points)
3. Find official website URL on the page and print on the console from a newly opened window (3 points)
4. Print the page title of the newly opened window (1 point)
5. Go back to the main window (2 points)
6. Print the page title again (1 point)*/


6.Using Junit and WebDriver, open ‘https://www.hometown.in/’ in Firefox and do the below. (10 Points)
a. Select Electronics from ‘More’ menu (2 points)
b. From Filter, section select the color as ‘Grey’ (2 points)
c. When you go to the first product image, you will see Quick View option, click on that (2 points)
d. Assert that product name contains Grey in a name. (2 points)
e. Close the Quick view window and verify if Grey is also present in ‘Applied filters’ on the page (2 points)*/



1.Junit Question Solution
2.Junit Suite
3.POM
4.Selenium IDE
	1.echo
	2.X is variable in Selenium IDE ..How to use value of 	variable
	3.


1.Syntax of Starting Hub/Node which was used in CMD
2.Syntax of Starting Browser in Remote System
3.Port Number of Hub: 4444
Port Number of Node: 5555	
Port Number of Jenkins :8080


testng.xml file  | test name | parallel


Jars Needed
1.Selenium Jars
2.POI
3.Drivers
4.Junit 4
5.TestNG
 






